Are great practitioners of this field made or born? I would say that it's
a little bit of both. Now, there's some psychology here. I do believe
that when you're born, you have certain innate abilities, comes
from your mom and your dad, comes from your race. Some of us are different
skinned, some of us are taller or shorter, some of us are,
you know, stronger based on your genes and I also think that, like,
your mind is, it follows the same trait, you know, like everybody's
different. Some people are artists when they're born, some people are
engineers when they're born. However it depends on how you grow up.
So, you can take someone who's an artist as a kid and then you can
train them through their lives to become a great engineer. Now, maybe
they might not be the best engineer because it's not in their bodies
but they can do a good job, a great job in fact. So, it's a combination
of both. It depends on who your mom and your dad were. Hopefully,
you got that training, whatever training that you want to be and
later on in your life but if you don't, the military, who realizes
this, can train anybody to do anything. So, some people will have
to do a lot more work to achieve their goals. Some people can, for instance,
join the nuclear field like I am and it can be a breeze for
them. Some people might have to put in the work, but regardless of
that fact, they can take anybody, whether you're an expert from birth
or whether you need to put some time in it and they'll make sure that
you do the pipeline so that you can do the job well.